c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MyWebSite2.dll.config
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MyWebSite2.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MyWebSite2.pdb
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.dll
c:\users\kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.pdb
C:\Users\Kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MyWebSite2.dll.config
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MyWebSite2.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MyWebSite2.pdb
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.pdb
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddProductDescription.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddReelClass.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddRodsClass.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddReelClass1.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddReviewClass.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddReviewClass1.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\MyWebSite2\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\MyWebSite2.dll.config
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\MyWebSite2.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\MyWebSite2.pdb
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddProductDescription.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddReelClass.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddRodsClass.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddReelClass1.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddReviewClass.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.Migrations.AddReviewClass1.resources
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.dll
C:\Users\Kovalenko\SkyDrive\Fishop\MyWebSite2\obj\Debug\MyWebSite2.pdb
